disabled parents abusing
Alcohol is not fed and children in the dirty
apartments is the average
portrait of a dysfunctional family
permanent though uninvited guests in
these are the inspection staff
juvenile cases which
duty regularly visit
alarm addresses in one of these
raids in the Kirov district of Volgograd
visited and our film crew
report agility antihero this apartment
as if thrown in a hurry
but this is only visibility in style
frightening minimalism and live marinas with
two daughters and and a sick father 12,000 of
benefits and pensions
this is the whole budget for the month my girls are not
working deals with them as best he can
three-year-old Masha does not pronounce her
but mom eloquently says that
ragged walls
start repair and soon everything will shine and in
only children are guilty for it
I did not manage to score only the start
pull you start here now go and now
day
cleaning out perfect purity here is not
it was never say business inspectors
minors on now at least not
the newly welded first appeared
and plain second
clothes for girls bring social
service well it seems now marina are ready
seriously get down to business whether I came
's what I'll be home work
deal now we will do
at night there will be labels
cut out will bring this
home business caretakers of children's rights
and check but progress to all euro whites
already obvious before she apartment at all
didn't let
I used to drink alcohol
now it's normal for children
looks here comes
can say every week to us for
any advice or another
18 year old
Marina with the third child in her arms
hid behind the toilet door and dishes
something missed in the fridge is very
young mothers are the most water including
the meager reserves of her two children are already
sent to the baby house parent
marina rights are limited
that we will meet the baby inspector
say not ready this time they just
remind girls and and duties if
these 7 have long been under scrutiny
inspectors then sees by the following
address for them first entered
anonymous call
why the neighbors complained the woman in
I do not know perplexity, but doctors are not completely
I communicate five years old daughter we did not catch
the girl was in the garden though in a prominent place
and hanging and his princess dress conditions
the lives of the child are far from the king's
for gas debts in the apartment turned off even
a year ago if something is prepared here then
on an electric stove and in quality
refrigerator window sill but at work
38-year-old lions create culinary
masterpieces she first confectioner swim
women from the daughter goes to the neighbor is unlikely
something will change to a salary of 8 thousand
rubles instead of child support from the father of the child
she has achieved so far is only possible threats from
I was very well gone tired that here
backhand and to the left now or know
Olga Olga Tairu Inspector for
the minors drew up a protocol in
him she promised at least
connect gas and meet with authorities
law and order and custody for the woman now
become regular Angelica antipina
Andrei Istomin TV company auto